Welcome everyone to the work and with data using Eskew.
Interview Questions section of the course in almost every data science interview.
You're going to be tested in your knowledge of basic as well are basic sequel.
And typically this is done to test whether or not you know sequel.
It's not really a test to check how advanced you are in sequel.
Again you should definitely check that job posting and see if they're really focusing in on sequel as
a skill.
Maybe even mention specific flavors of sequel or a specific sequel engine but to some degree they really
want to test that you're able to do some sort of basic query because a lot of times you need to access
that data as a data scientist.
We're going to start off with some simpler questions and then move on to harder ones.
So to start off we're basically going to be asking you what's wrong with a particular query.
Later on we'll give you some images of tables and ask you to actually create a query and again take
careful note of job postings that require particular syntax of sequel.
Sometimes if a job really requires something like Microsoft sequel server they may ask you specific
questions for that syntax.
Again that's a little more rare.
It's usually general as cool questions but just keep that in mind.
OK.
Our specific questions are going to be relatable to any major sequel engine.
Let's get started.
I'll see you at the first question.